hey how's it going guys this is Dave TD
and this is my review of the Dell
Inspiron 15 inch 759 so this is kind of
like an update to the 7000 series from
earlier this year but what makes this
one special is the price it's 800 bucks
and it's kind of geared towards gamers
right it's a black device with red
accents so it looks pretty cool but it's
packed to the gills with stuff that's
like perfect for mid-level laptop gaming
which is really surprising because an
$800 device from Dell that's good for
gaming seems impossible right let's take
a look now to keep the price of this
laptop as low as possible Dell had to
cut some corners and packaging was one
of the first corners they cut it's
packed in this like egg carton material
and it's I mean it's not the prettiest
unboxing experience but it works the top
surface of this laptop has this black
soft touch rubber finish and it's got
this distinct red Dell logo I think this
is actually the first red Dell logo I've
ever seen now I have this love-hate
relationship with this soft touch
material I love it when it's new it's
like a very inviting material to use and
has like really great grip it feels nice
in your hand and doesn't show
fingerprints easily but then when it
gets a little bit older it can look
really beat-up like scratches and scuffs
show up really easily on this material
but the laptop also comes on like a
regular plastic finish if that's what
you want the bottom surface is plastic
there's two red rubber strips here for
grip a small subwoofer and a single
screw that gives you full access to the
internals I really like how easy it is
to open it up and inside we have access
to the hard drive a spare m2 SATA socket
for a second drive and the RAM slots now
this is an 8 gig model and the RAM they
give you is an 8 gig stick instead of a
pair of 4 gig sticks so if you want to
upgrade to 16 gigs you only need to buy
one more of the 8 gig sticks so that's
always nice it's a little bit less than
an inch thick and 5.7 pounds on the left
side we have the power connection
exhaust vent a pair of USB 3 ports and a
headphone jack and on the right side we
have the SD card slot another USB 3 port
full size HDMI 1.4 and an Ethernet jack
and if you care the SD card goes in
pretty deep
on the backside there are some exhaust
vents that have these red metal fins
inside them and they look cool
but they can get bent pretty easily you
can bend them back with like a
screwdriver or something but just be
careful because if you bend them back
and forth a bunch they're gonna look bad
the overall build quality is pretty good
the hinge is solid the keyboard area is
surprisingly sturdy and the screen has
some flex not a lot but it's kind of
expected for the materials that they
chose the configuration I'm reviewing is
the base model it's a skylake core i5
running at 2.3 gigahertz gtx 960m with 4
gigs of video ram a 15.6 inch 1080p
screen eight gigs of ram a one terabyte
hard drive and this will run you $800 us
lifting the lid the palm rest has that
same soft touch material and again I
have that love-hate relationship with it
so the keyboard has that number pad
split that you might have to get used to
but the layout otherwise is good so the
arrow keys are well positioned and it's
not surrounded by any other keys and
also the backlighting is actually really
nice on this keyboard there's like a
high setting a medium setting and off
but the typing experience isn't the best
the travel on each keystroke seems ok
but the keys still feel really stiff
even after using it for a week now
playing games on it is perfectly fine I
don't love it as a keyboard for typing
the trackpad is also kind of mediocre it
skips around a bit when you're tracking
and I don't love the texture on the
surface and I don't love the buttons
again they're kind of stiff again it's
not the best but for a gaming laptop it
probably doesn't matter that much
anyways because you'll often have a
mouse connected to it the screen is a 15
point 9 inch IPS non touch panel with a
resolution of 1920 by 1080 the viewing
angles are okay and it's matte so you
don't get like crazy reflections but
it's not very bright and the color gamut
is poor like really poor you won't
notice it playing games and the contrast
on the screen is actually pretty good
for darker games but I wouldn't use the
screen for like color accurate work it's
just no good for that the webcam up top
is a 720p camera and it looks like this
the drive that they give you is pretty
slow it's 5400 rpm and it makes me die a
little bit on the inside but thankfully
it's super easy to swap out so if your
budget allows for it try to get an SSD
in here it'll make it that much better
now if your video editing 1080p edits
are very smooth and 4k edits are still
pretty decent as long as you're not
using that stock drive now like I've
mentioned in other videos having to
drive slots in a notebook is awesome for
stuff like video edits and recording
gameplay footage it keeps your computer
really responsive now gaming on 960m is
solid it handles current titles really
nicely so dota 2 I mean that's not very
current but that runs really well our
max graphics settings and teamfights it
can still drop low 50 frames per second
but solo laning you're going to get like
a hundred 120 frames per second black
ops 3 it'll hit 60 frames per second on
high settings but there's this like
weird flashing artifact on some of the
particle effects it's definitely a
driver issue and it's something that
they're probably gonna get fixed soon
but as of today the game is pretty tough
to play with like blinding flashes
everywhere you go the new Rainbow six
game is super fun and it will also float
around 60 frames per second on high
settings and now I normally don't plug
games on these reviews but if you're
looking for a different kind of shooter
take a look at Rainbow six siege it's a
shooter but there's a lot of strategy
and teamwork and this new one's pretty
cool the speakers are up on the keyboard
area here and they sound decent to get
loud but higher frequencies start to
break up when the volume goes up and if
you remember there's a subwoofer on the
bottom of the laptop but this one
doesn't sound that great the one on the
ACS gl7 5 - that one sounded nice I mean
I looked gimmicky but it sounded good
this one here just sounds ok system
noises embedded idles around 25 decibels
mostly from that hard drive and it hits
mid to high 30s when it's under load the
temperatures are also pretty good it
just breaks 100 degrees under heavy load
the charger is 130 watts
and it takes the battery about two and a
half hours to fill up and there's a blue
LED on the AC tip the battery life isn't
battle is getting around five and a half
hours of regular use with the screen at
about 75% brightness and about 2 hours
of playing games on battery now there is
a configuration of this laptop with a 4k
screen I haven't used it but that screen
would drain batteries a lot faster and
if your primary purpose is to play games
I would totally just get the Tandy P
screen a 960 M isn't ideal for playing
4k games
okay recap of the inspiron 759 good
build quality just be careful with that
soft touch finish it can scuff easily
the 1080p screen is good enough for
games but the color accuracy is poor so
I wouldn't rely on it for color accurate
work the keyboard is okay it shifted to
the left from the number pad and the
keys feel a little stiff when you're
typing on it the trackpad skips a little
bit and it's not the best trackpad out
there but again it's okay
on the inside we have a Core i5 and a
gtx 960m that handles most current games
pretty well eight gigs of easily
upgraded RAM and upgradeable one
terabyte SATA hard drive and MT SATA
slot for a secondary drive and a decent
74 watt hour battery that'll last you
about five to six hours of regular use
so you're probably wondering if this
laptop is worth it okay for $800 I think
Dell hit a homerun there's obviously
stuff that I don't love about it like
the screen the trackpad and the drives a
little bit slow which you can upgrade
but for $800 like if you have a budget
of $800 or less this should be on the
top of your list because it performs
well it's super upgradeable and it's
very inexpensive that's the end of this
review hope you guys liked it thumbs if
you did subs of you loved it it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time